---
title: Autonomous Boid Colonies
lang: en-US
lastUpdated: false
layout: doc
---

# Autonomous Boid Colonies
A large turning point came during a fatal architecture construction accident which claimed the lives of thousands of boid workers. The Boid society, all containing a strong instinct to return to the home hive upon death, and a stronger understanding of their spiritual nature, all felt that there was a terrible injustice seeing these Boid lives wasted and unable to return to their home hive, major outcry was made but little was done by the Nol administration. This inspired the Trovi to take more drastic measures, assembling a plan to simultaneously attack major Hyphid hive cultivation centers in the Nol cities. The plan was to collect Hyphid materials directly from each home hive (like stem cells) with proper cultivation the Hyphid colonies could be restarted and grown free from the confines of the Nol cultivation system. The Trovi bridged operatives executed their plan with a coordinated infiltration of cultivation centers and returned to their headquarters with the Hyphid cells ready to cultivate new colonies anew. Unfortunately one Trovi operative was captured and detained. When the Nol used their technology to interrogate the captured Nol they learned that the attack was led by the Trovi. This was enough for the major Nol city centers to classify the Trovi tribe as a terrorist organization. Overnight many people (Nol and Boids) who associated with the Trovi lost their jobs and were ostracized from Nol society. 

This turned out to be exactly what was needed to inspire the creation of the initial Autonomous Boid Colonies where the Hyphid colony and Boids could operate a free society independent from Nol influence and with the support of the Trovi. Many chose to join these Autonomous colonies and worked together with the tier 3 colony hyphid consciousness to construct their constitution and fractal democratic governance system as an alternative to the authoritarian governance of the Nol city centers. As part of this constitution the technology was implemented to reward positive contributions to the local colony called “Boid Power '' which granted some social influence as well as a form of UBI, a resource model based on true scarcity “resource based economy”. Combined with a new currency “BOID” the autonomous colonies were able to thrive as a powerful alternative state with many elements that attracted common Nols to leave the cities and join the Boid colonies. The Boid also used what they learned from Nol bio-mecha shells to create their own artificial shell forms in addition to the natural hosts they sourced from the local environment. Additionally the Trovi worked to democratize access to the implants and training needed for more Nols to access bridging technology. Over many generations the apparent advantages of the Colonies lead to attracting more and more Nols to the point that Nol society entered into a great economic downturn. With resources lacking, In response the major Nol cities declared war on the colonies.

___
**by "John H."**